feat(docs): add passkey docs (#9533)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/users/iota-wallet/getting-started.mdx

Your mnemonic recovery phrase is essential for regaining access to your wallet if you forget your password or switch devices. If lost, access to your assets cannot be recovered.

:::

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="passkey" label="Passkey">

2. Choose **New Passkey Profile**.

   ![New Passkey Profile](/img/users/iota-wallet/how-to/multi-account/select-profile-type.png)

3. Enter your desired nickname and passkey storage and access.

   ![Create Password](/img/users/iota-wallet/getting-started/passkey.png)

4. Enter your desired password.

   ![Create Password](/img/users/iota-wallet/getting-started/create-password.png)

5. Carefully read and accept the Terms of Service, and click `Create Wallet`.
   
   ![Create Wallet](/img/users/iota-wallet/getting-started/create-wallet.png)

6. On the pop-up, choose one of the available options to store your passkey and follow the instructions.
You can either use a Synced Passkey by storing it on your Phone/Tablet and corresponding accounts,

> or use Device Bound Passkey and store it on your security key.

Reviewer: I think `Synced Passkey` needs a bit more context. Maybe it's better to mention "Cloud synced passkey".
Also, some devices like a computer can save it locally without an account. Seems like the two options mentioned here doesn't mention that one. I'd add it or rewrite the part of `either blabla or blabla` to make it sound like there are more options

Author: That is why I mentioned accounts. But yeah I get your point 🤔 

Maybe something like that?
```suggestion
You can either use a Cloud Synced Passkey by storing it on your Phone/Tablet and share it over the cloud,
or use Device Bound Passkey and store it on your security key.
```

Author: Newest suggestion as per discussion on slack:
```suggestion
You can either use a Cloud Synced Passkey by storing it on your Phone/Tablet by using an online account or password manager,
or use Device Bound Passkey and store it on your security key.
```

Author: Removed it completely as it is part of the screenshot :trollface:

Your mnemonic recovery phrase is essential for regaining access to your wallet if you forget your password or switch devices. If lost, access to your assets cannot be recovered.

:::

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="passkey" label="Passkey">

:::info Passkey

Passkeys provide a modern, secure authentication method using biometric or device-based verification instead of traditional seed phrases

:::

3. Choose **Passkey**.

   ![New Passkey Profile](/img/users/iota-wallet/getting-started/select-profile-type.png)

> 4. Enter your desired nickname and passkey storage and access.

Reviewer 2: maybe we could rephrase this line, the `and access` seams out of line:
ex. Enter a nickname for your wallet and select your preferred passkey storage method.

Author: Yeah I think I had to be drunk when I wrote this

Author: ```suggestion
4. Enter a nickname for your wallet and select your preferred passkey storage method.
```

   ![Create Password](/img/users/iota-wallet/getting-started/passkey.png)

:::danger Irrecoverable

Your passkey is essential for gaining access to your wallet. Depending on your chosen storage method, losing access to your device or account results in the inability to access your wallet and assets.

> :::

Reviewer 2: maybe we can move this `danger ` message to the bottom, under the step 7. and in its place add a warning message:
ex.
:::warning Password Manager Support

If you want to use a third-party password manager (such as 1Password, Bitwarden, etc.) to store your passkey, select the cross-platform authenticator option and ensure the password manager is installed and enabled on your mobile device. Browser extension-based password managers are not supported for device-bound passkeys.

:::

Author: Makes sense. Changed

5. Enter your desired password which is used to encrypt your wallet.

   ![Create Password](/img/users/iota-wallet/getting-started/create-password.png)

6. Carefully read and accept the Terms of Service, and click `Create Wallet`.
   
   ![Create Wallet](/img/users/iota-wallet/getting-started/create-wallet.png)

> 7. Choose the instructions in the popup to setup your passkey based on the chosen and supported methods of your device.

Reviewer 2: We could rephrase this also because user follows the instructions:
ex. 
`Follow the on-screen instructions to set up your passkey using your device's supported authentication method`
or
`Follow the instructions to complete the setup using your preferred method (biometric authentication, security key, or device storage).`

Author: ```suggestion
7. Follow the on-screen instructions to set up your passkey using your device's supported authentication method.
```

Your mnemonic recovery phrase is essential for regaining access to your wallet if you forget your password or switch devices. If lost, access to your assets cannot be recovered.

:::

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="passkey" label="Passkey">

> 2. Choose **Passkey**.

Reviewer 2: step 2. is used twice 

<img width="614" height="1081" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bc55e1cf-75d4-4663-b85e-3751b1865fc5" />

Author: Fixed

> 2. Choose **Passkey**.

Reviewer 2: should we add some explanation of what passkey is? wdyt?
ex. _Passkeys provide a modern, secure authentication method using biometric or device-based verification instead of traditional seed phrases_

Author: Yeah good point 🤔

Author: Done in 8d5d53a

   ![New Passkey Profile](/img/users/iota-wallet/getting-started/select-profile-type.png)

3. Enter your desired nickname and passkey storage and access.

   ![Create Password](/img/users/iota-wallet/getting-started/passkey.png)

> 4. Enter your desired password.

Reviewer 2: should we explain why password is needed because we set up passkeys and also password?
ex. Enter a password to encrypt your wallet on this device.

Author: Done in 8d5d53a
